well both couples actually made a lot
more mistakes in the dance-off but I'm
going with a couple that made the least
mistakes and that couple is the couple I
would like to keep but cuz I gave a
correction and that correction was on
the way to being corrected is film and
Talia they both made mistakes in this
dance-off but I will go for the couple
that I found more entertaining in this
dance-off and the couple is dawn
oh it's exciting as head judge Len has a
deciding vote whichever couple he now
chooses will stay in Strictly Come
Dancing well as has been said that they
both did make some mistakes and it is
very difficult to judge between a wall
which needs so much roll and
a-cha-cha-cha yet that needs so much
more rhythm but of the two for me the
performance on that I've just seen the
cleanest one was done and
and she's taking